Hello everyone and welcome to
this year's Image Capture Show.
Well, actually by just looking
at this slide I said,
well,
I guess we have a problem in showing
you a pretty cool demo later on.
Because this slide says we have to
refrain from taking pictures and
I guess we have set up everything here,
but I guess we just file it through.
So, let's talk about Image Capture.
We will start with a short overview
of what Image Capture does.
And the easiest way to describe
Image Capture is really,
it's a framework that allows you to
work with still image capturing devices.
A camera, a scanner.
And the nice thing really is we allow
a wide range of devices and we support
multiple communication protocols.
It's funny,
like a couple of years ago when we
did the first Image Capture session,
we were forcing you,
or at least asking you,
as device manufacturer, "Well,
wouldn't it be great if we had a few,
maybe just a handful of protocols
that we can use?" And really by
just using a handful of protocols,
just using a handful of
driver or device modules,
and be able to talk to as
many devices as possible.
The industry trend has really
shown that most of the new devices
are really mass storage or PTP,
Picture Transfer Protocol based,
which is really, really great.
And so later on in the session,
we will show you
A couple of new APIs that we
are going to add for Tiger to
make the usage of new devices,
new device classes, even easier.
Let's start with a short overview of the
Image Capture Framework and its pieces.
At the bottom level,
we have the hardware,
the device that you connect.
And this has actually a device module
that is responsible for talking,
doing the communication to that device.
This device module is a
user-client background application,
so there's no need to write
any kernel drivers or so.
And it talks to the
Image Capture extension,
the Image Capture Background App.
The Image Capture Extension can handle
multiple devices at the same time.
and can actually handle multiple
clients at the same time.
So in theory, you could use iPhoto,
you could use the
Image Capture application,
FileMaker, or whatever your application,
for example,
application and then at the same
time access a single device.
This is a bit different from,
if you're familiar with the Twain model,
where all have a layering stack
that's very similar to what we have,
but they all run in the same process.
We have different processes and
really the Image Capture background
application as a bottleneck will
serialize the device requests and
really make it easy and straightforward
for a client application to talk to one
or multiple devices at the same time.
Now if we look at this structure here,
actually everything inside Image Capture
is made up of very small building blocks.
First building block is the
notion of an ICA object.
An ICA object just has a type
and subtype and may contain a
reference to another ICA object.
And it may contain properties or
actually a collection of properties
and metadata in a dictionary.
Which leads us to the
second building block,
that's the properties, ICA properties.
Here again we have type and
subtype and these properties
contain actually the real data.
With real data we mean the kind of
image data and the available thumbnails.
[Transcript missing]
When we came up with the
initial design of Image Capture,
we were thinking, well,
we could put all the metadata,
all the properties,
into separate objects, I say properties.
It turned out it's kind of cumbersome
to get all the metadata collected.
So it was much easier,
and you will see that in a little bit,
much easier to use CFDictionaryRefs or
NSDictionary's that you can pass around
and they will contain all the metadata,
for example, for a given image.
So all the excess data will be
in one of these dictionaries.
If you look at these
three building blocks,
they form kind of a unit.
And so once again,
the object has basically
type and subtype.
The properties has the
entire image and thumbnail.
And the dictionary contains the,
in this case, EXIF metadata.
That allows you to work with
images in a very convenient way.
Out of these,
you can build up your tree and the
top level object that you see here,
the device list,
is actually always available even if
you do not have any device connected.
What was new with Panther was
the addition of a dictionary
to that device list object.
That dictionary, of course,
does not contain any metadata
because there's no image
for the device list object.
But what it contains is a list,
a reference to all devices
that are connected.
So, two calls:
"Give me the device list" and then
"Give me the dictionary for that device
list." If you do these two calls,
you will have the information of
what kind of devices are connected.
And again,
by just using these building blocks,
that's what we do inside
the Image Capture Framework.
So whenever, for example,
iPhoto wants to talk to a device,
first thing,
as all other clients have to do,
first thing is really give
me the device list and then
query the device list object.
For example, get the dictionary.
Get out of that dictionary the
number of devices for each device.
You can get the dictionary,
and that dictionary
actually will contain...
"Either flattened out or as a tree,
both variants are in there,
all the images,
all the files that are on that device."
Now you can use that on a single machine,
but what if you have two machines?
Well, of course,
you can have the same thing
running on two machines.
But with TIGER,
we were introducing device
sharing for image capture devices.
By just setting up the devices,
share on one side and
listen on the other side,
you can take a standard camera or
scanner and just hook it up to one
device but use it on a second device.
The detection is fully automatic using
Rendezvous and you just pick and choose.
But an even more cooler thing on
Panther was the Image Capture Web Server.
I guess this was a best-kept
secret for Panther because a lot
of people were later on in reviews,
we were seeing, well,
I didn't know about that feature.
That's a really cool feature.
The Image Capture Web Server is a
faceless background application,
a regular client for the
Image Capture Framework.
And what it does is it takes the attached
camera and publishes that over the net.
So what you could do,
you can connect at home,
you can connect a camera, and from work,
you could actually look at
the images on that camera.
Or, if you have a camera that supports
PTP and allows you to take pictures,
you can switch to a mode where
it actually allows you to take
pictures over the internet.
And it has a monitoring mode so
that every so and so many seconds,
it will automatically take
a picture and display it.
And that's a really convenient
way to get to your data.
Now, that was really the kind of quick,
what is Image Capture and what
are the Image Capture components.
One thing that we are really handling in
the Image Capture Framework is devices
that are connected via USB and FireWire.
We handle that pretty well because, like,
out of the box,
just fresh installed Mac OS X,
you connect a camera and whoops,
the camera shows up.
AI Photo launches or Image Capture
application launches and allows
you to download the images.
So, this hard plugging is done through
an IC notification framework,
completely invisible to the users.
But what is happening really,
the device gets connected
at I/O Kit level.
We learn, oh, there's a new device.
We do a matching based on information
that we have inside the device modules.
And we then launch actually
the appropriate device module.
So that's all great if you
have USB and FireWire devices.
But what about devices
that are non-HOT pluggable?
Well, up to now that was a problem.
And for TIGER we want to
have a solution for that.
So,
We really see that there
are a lot of new devices,
for example cell phones,
coming out that have
Bluetooth and a built-in camera.
What about these devices?
Or PDAs?
Some of the PDAs have a built-in camera.
Others have just attachments where
you can plug in a camera and a fairly
decent resolution camera nowadays.
And one thing that has probably
a very bright future is the
area of wireless cameras.
So by the end of the
year or early next year,
you will see a lot of new devices
showing up that have wireless
support directly built in.
So these devices, well,
they may use Rendezvous or may use, like,
worst case, just an edit field where
you type in an IP address.
But there will be a way,
and there needs to be a way,
to use these devices as well.
And of course the same thing
for SCSI-based devices.
Good old SCSI, non-hard pluggable,
I mean you have to really
make the connection up front
before you turn on the machine.
And those devices,
it would be nice if we had a simple
way for the user to use those as well.
So, in order to support these
non-hot-pluggable devices,
we have to introduce new APIs.
And it's enough to just introduce, like,
an ICA Load Device Module and
Unload Device Module.
For the Load and Unload,
You can imagine then we probably don't
want everyone to write code to do that.
So the idea is to add a device browser
to the Image Capture application.
So you would go to the
device menu in Image Capture,
and then you could bring up a browser.
to select the non-HUD-pluggable
device that you want to use.
And ideally,
and that's really dependent on requests,
so if you would want to have
something like a common panel,
common UI for that,
we were thinking about
implementing that as well.
That would just allow you, again,
to do the device browsing
and handle the connection.
So if we look at the
ICA Load Device Module,
you see we have the
same structure of calls.
It's just a parameter block
and an optional callback proc.
If that callback proc is nil,
it's a synchronous call,
otherwise asynchronous call.
And then the ICA Load Device Module's
parameter block has,
beside the header,
that's in all parameter blocks we have,
it has a field that allows you
to specify a device module.
via URL.
And we have an OS type that
specifies the transport type.
So that could be Bluetooth.
It could be USB, FireWire, whatever.
And then a set of parameters that
are specific to the transport type.
Ideally, you wouldn't have to worry
about the device module URL.
So you could just pass in NULL,
specify the transport type,
and then specify a Bluetooth address
that you get via any I/O Kit call.
The unload device module is a
lot simpler because all you have
to do is really just pass in the
ICA object that you want to unload.
So let me show you very quickly
how we do that in Image Capture.
Can we please switch to Demo 5?
So I will launch again a small helper
app that shows you really what's
going on on the image capture side.
It has entries for all
image capture components,
and we'll put up a check mark
right next to the name whenever
one of these components is running.
So let me launch Image Capture.
You see Image Capture was launched.
It's a checkbox,
but also the very first entry,
the Image Capture extension.
Image Capture extension is running now,
but we do not have any device module.
Well, there's no device connected.
So let me go to the device menu and
we see we have a connect item in here.
And what will happen,
and this is really not the final UI,
but that's just a temporary UI to
show you what direction we are going,
is it will list, in this case,
the Bluetooth devices that I have
right next to this machine.
And that's a PDA and a phone.
Down here,
it shows you similar information
that you will get from the
regular Bluetooth control panel.
So let me select the phone
and let's do a connect.
See what's happening?
The phone was recognized and yeah,
we do see the items on the
phone and we can download those.
And by the way,
a nice thing we added for... Actually,
wrong one.
For Tiger, whenever you want to
specify a download folder,
you can actually drag it up here and
that should be a shortcut to the pop-up,
so very easy to get to
the download folder.
And yeah,
we could specify a preview to open
it and then just try to download.
And you see, here's the image that
we have from the phone.
Okay, so that was the manual way
of loading the device module.
Let me quit Image Capture
and show you another...
A small application that will
actually hopefully make it to the SDK.
That's an application that allows you
to just test all the Image Capture APIs.
And you see on the left, you see all the
Image Capture APIs we have.
And you see down here, the new one,
the ICA Unload Device Module.
And up here,
you see what it takes as parameter.
There's only one input parameter.
That's the ICA object.
And if we open the tree,
so basically we see
on the left side here,
on the right side here,
we see all the objects
that we have on the device.
We have up front the device list.
We have the device itself.
And then we have three images.
We could now select the device object,
copy that, and just paste that in here,
and then execute the command either
synchronous or asynchronous way,
and then...
You see the device is gone
and the device module as well.
Image Capture Extension will
quit in just a bit.
Can we switch back to the slides, please?
So that was just a quick demo
loading/unloading device modules
and really just a very first
preliminary UI for doing that.
So if you look at the cell phone,
if you want to really use
it as a digital wallet,
it's a really nice way to say, hey,
that's my cat, that's my kid,
that's my dog.
And the cell phone, as I said,
will probably have a way to take
pictures or download pictures,
but there's something missing.
So what about uploading?
Well, again, wouldn't it be nice if you
could upload to a device?
And if you look at the API set
that we have for Image Capture,
we used to have a set property data.
Well, the set property data,
you would think that this is
the right way to do the upload.
Unfortunately, that's not just enough.
Because we just don't want
to set the actual image data,
we probably need a little
bit more information.
So we will have a new
API to handle the uploading,
device uploading.
And it's, I say, upload file.
And it's really just more
than just a file copy.
Well,
it's a file copy for non-image files.
But for image files,
it also allows you to scale the image.
And the parameter block
for this looks like that.
We specify a parent object and a file,
a .fsref, and a couple of flags.
There's one thing about the
parent object that's just a
kind of suggested parent object.
So really depending on the device,
you may not be able to really
upload to the specified folder.
So it's always good,
I mean you could try it,
it's always good to just upload to the
device itself and then normally the
device takes care of the positioning
within the device file structure.
So let me just give you a
quick demo of the uploading.
Switch back to demo five.
[Transcript missing]
And now you have two
ways of doing the upload.
One way is just drag it to the icon.
Or whenever you are in the download mode,
just--
Drag it in here.
And then you get a sheet popping up
that allows you to specify the option.
Do you want to scale it?
Yes or no?
Yeah, in this case we want to scale it.
And you see,
actually it suggests the size.
It knows that this device has
the screen size 120 by 160.
But actually the device also supports
as native size also 288 by 352.
So you could choose either one.
Let's stick with the first
one and do the upload.
Now really depending on
the speed of the device,
you see the screen size is 120 by 160.
You see we got the new entry in here.
And it's not that big of a difference.
It was scaled to 107 by 160, the image.
The original image was larger.
It was about this,
and you see it was 429 by 640.
And again,
show that using the ICA API test.
The upload file, well,
we just specify again a parent object.
And in this case, all we want to do is
even upload a text file.
And if that works,
then we should see--it takes a while.
Theoretically,
we should see it on the right side.
It should pop up.
We're waiting for that file.
Too long.
Okay, can we switch back to the slides,
please?
Another area that was introduced,
a new feature was introduced with
Panther was the fast user switching.
For Image Capture,
there were really no problems
if you had a scanner or a
mass storage device connected.
Mass storage device was very simple.
Like all your FireWire hard drives,
you would just expect that it would
work if you use a A and switch
to user B and then both users
should have access to the device.
For a scanner, it was also not a
problem because scanner,
we from the beginning had an
ICA scanner open session and
closed session and there was only
one client allowed for a session.
So that simply means if you are user A,
you are working with a scanner,
you have a session open,
you switch to user B,
then there was no way that
user B could get the scanner.
If you are User A and you
are done with your session,
then User B will have
immediately access to the device.
For cameras that are non-mass storage,
so PDP cameras,
We do not have the concept of a session.
So what's happening is really
User A uses the camera.
You switch to User B.
Now the question is, what should happen?
User A or B have the camera.
Well, instead of just unplugging the
device and reconnecting the device,
which actually would give User B access,
we want to have a better solution.
And what we're going to do is introduce
a session handling for cameras.
So we will have an open
and closed session.
These calls are really similar to the
ICA scanner open and close session.
But they're different
because they're optional.
Well,
we do not want to break existing apps.
So the current iPhoto should just work.
The current Image Capture app, FileMaker,
and your app, they should just work.
And the other thing which is different
is really the number of clients.
Well, for cameras,
there's no need to limit
that down to a single client.
So multiple clients can
still use the device.
So these optional calls are just to
make fast user switching a lot easier,
a lot safer.
Because then, for example,
whenever the future iPhoto
is done with importing,
or you're not at the Import tab,
Then there's really no need to
pluck the device from a second user.
So ICA Open Session just takes a
device object and returns a session ID.
ICA closed session just takes the
session ID that you got on the open call.
These are the main changes
we have API-wise for TIGER.
So let's quickly look
at the scanner support,
the scanner side,
before we go to some real
camera-related demos.
So on the scanner support,
since the Jaguar,
we were supporting native scanner
modules and also Twain data sources.
For Panther,
we added support for transparency
units and also added a very
simple to use UI that allows
you to do some image enhancement,
either automatically or
with a manual correction.
And for Tiger,
we are going to support something that
was also requested by a lot of users,
the support of Document Feeder.
And let me just show you that on Demo 6.
So this is the standard Image Capture UI.
If you have a scanner connected,
you see in this case,
we are using the Twain bridge,
which means we are using
a Twain data source.
Using, in this case,
the Epson data source that is
just rerouted through Twain
Bridge to Image Capture.
And since this device here
supports as a twain capability,
A document feeder.
We will modify the UI and
add this extra checkbox here.
So you can select the document feeder,
then the main view will change because
when you are in the document feeder mode,
you are probably not in this workflow
where you do a pre-scan first,
then select your scan rectangle,
and then do the final scan.
What you want to do in the document
feeder mode is really scan the entire
page and do it quickly and do it often.
So, again, this is probably not the final
UI because the one thing that you
could not select right now is,
let's say, do you have an A4 or U.S.
letter?
U.S.
letter or U.S.
legal?
So we need some way to allow the user to
choose between different paper formats.
Right now, in this demo,
we will just scan the entire document.
I hope that the scanner is working.
Well, it was probably in a sleep.
Hopefully, it wakes up.
Light is flashing and yeah,
it is scanning the first page.
So this is not a professional 24
pages or 60 pages per minute scanner.
This is just a low-cost, easy to use,
kind of home type scanner that
you would use in order for
scanning in multiple documents.
See what's happening?
The first page is scanned
in the background.
Preview is launched.
And as soon as a page comes in now,
it will be added.
to preview and yeah,
each page will be displayed.
Actually one nice thing
you could do in preview,
since these pages come in one at a time,
what you can do in preview,
you could set the preferences
for images to say,
well, create only one.
If you don't want to
create multiple windows,
just only create a single window,
and then all the pages that come in
will be added to the same window.
And then for example, in preview,
you could do a print and print to PDF,
so you have a PDF document
of whatever you have.
Okay, so I guess it was done
with the four pages.
Also new, just one minor remark.
In the past, we were just generating like
a cryptical name based on
scan and then date and time.
In this case,
you can really specify a prefix,
and we will just add a page number to it.
So I think it's a little bit
user-friendlier than before.
Okay, back to the slides, please.
[Transcript missing]
What do we have new for them?
Well, first of all, thumbnail handling.
We were introducing an API,
ICA Copy Object Thumbnail, in Panther.
And the initial support was
for ICA thumbnail format.
With TIGER,
we are going to extend that and really
allow you to download thumbnails
directly in JPEG or TIFF format.
And for the developer of a device module,
this means, well,
not that much of a change,
because you can directly give us
the native thumbnail that you have.
Or fall back to the old way,
just return an ICA thumbnail.
So if you are not going to change,
that's fine,
because we will do the conversion
between ICA thumbnail to JPEG or TIFF.
So the user will get whatever
thumbnail format he wants.
One limitation we had
in the past was with,
I say, thumbnails, was really the 128 by
128 pixel limitation.
And we want to loosen that
a little bit and allow,
really as described in this FEMA 15740,
allow larger thumbnails and
up to a maximum of 160 by 120.
One thing that we got a
lot of questions about,
because I guess the documentation
was lacking a little bit on that,
was what's up with the InfoP-List,
Device InfoP-List?
Well, for a device module that
we have on Image Capture,
we need, since it is a regular bundle,
we need an Info.plist that
has all the things that are
required for an Info.plist,
so bundle executable, icon name,
and these things.
But we needed in the past also
information that would allow us
to do the matching of the hot plug
event with this device module.
And this information,
this matching information,
was kept in the Info.plist.
We, in addition,
needed a device Info.plist,
which was in the resource
path of the device module.
And that device Info.plist was
containing information about a
cut-async profile or device icon,
for example.
For Tiger, we are going to change that.
We will have all that information
just combined in a single plist.
That's the device Info.plist.
You still need the Infor.plist,
but no Image Capture-related
entry in there.
And it will be the same location as
the current device Info.plist and
really combines the entries of two,
plus some new entries.
We will, for example,
specify in that Info.plist,
we will specify the physical
transport or media information.
For example,
does this device support JPEG, TIFF,
movie, AVI, whatever format.
And it sizes.
And you already saw why
we were going to do that.
You saw on the upload,
we had this pop-up that was
giving us the size information.
So Image Capture uses really this for
the upload panel and allows the user
to choose the kind of native size.
It has information about the
screen size of devices or sizes
that this device produces.
And since we are also extending
that to add the device capabilities,
we will have the information,
for example, is this device able to
handle uploads of JPEGs?
Is this device able to handle
an erase or a take picture?
Let me just show you the
current format on number five.
So if we dig into the device modules,
so they are in System, Library.
Image Capture devices,
and here we have a whole set of devices.
So if we show the package content,
go into the resources,
here we have the device Info.plist.
And now,
this has some USB-related information.
and some device-related information.
And now you can go in and
look at all these entries,
or instead of using the
Property List Editor,
we can also use a small tool that
we are also going to add to the SDK,
the device for the PList Viewer,
and this allows you to just, like,
double-click on, for example,
the PTP module.
And what is happening is just
collecting all that information.
Actually, it looks up the icon and
displays that as well,
and you can pick
whatever device you have.
And go to the device and you see, okay,
this one supports JPEG and
these resolutions.
This one supports download and erase.
It does not support capture, for example.
And we see the protocol level.
They are all PDP cameras.
These are all the vendors.
So see all main vendors from Canon,
Kodak, Nikon have, and Sony,
they have PDP cameras that we do support.
And this is just a convenient
tool to get to that information.
And as I said, we are using these sizes
heavily in the future.
Okay, back to the slides, please.
And finally, I guess come to the main
demo part of this session.
And the idea was to just give you
kind of ideas of new applications
that you could do with Image Capture.
First thing,
the high dynamic range images.
For those of you who attended
session 207 on Wednesday,
they learned everything
about high dynamic images you
probably will ever need to know.
Luke and Gabriel were doing just
a great job in introducing that.
And to just keep it very short,
one of the problems you will have,
and Gabriel was showing that,
if you look at the Apple's Garage and
take a picture of that scene,
you see with the short exposure,
you get pretty much
good detail in the back.
Everything in the front,
you have no idea what's there.
If you have too long exposure,
you see all the cars.
These are not BMWs, no.
[Transcript missing]
You can take multiple exposures
and do a tone compression and you
really get a result that's like that.
So it's more or less
the best of all words.
Up to this point,
it was kind of complicated to take
these high dynamic range images.
Because you had to go out,
put your camera on a tripod, and then
Take an image, change the exposure time,
take an image, change exposure time,
and do that a couple of times,
and then run that through an algorithm.
Well, if you have a camera that allows
you to do that automatically,
You could just use image capture calls to
really do a one-click high dynamic image,
high dynamic range image capture.
I really wish I could say that
you could go out and take any
camera and you could do it.
Right now we have one.
I really hope that next year,
more vendors will open the protocol,
will really support more
of these kind of things.
So, the Canon D70,
that's the one we are going to use now.
And... Oh, sorry, Nikon.
Ah, look at that.
Okay, what I want to do is...
Create a scene here for a camera
that's kind of difficult to capture.
We have a bright light, a box,
there's something in the box,
and the camera just pointing to that.
So, let me turn the camera on.
[Transcript missing]
What we're going to do now
is we take the first image.
This is automatic exposure.
And we see underneath the
image is the exposure time.
So what we do is we take
out of the metadata,
we display the exposure time.
So basically verify that whatever
we set the exposure time to
before we do the take picture,
these times are really in the image.
We still have it here.
And now we take a couple
of exposures and then...
Take Gabriel's secret
sauce and combine that.
It's already done because the
progress bar has stopped moving.
And we will be able to open this.
That's the current time.
And we captured this scene.
Now, if you look at this,
It's actually pretty amazing
because what we will see up here,
we can actually see the
inside of this desk lamp.
But we can also see inside the box.
We can actually make it
a little bit brighter.
And yeah,
we can really see what's inside the box
and also see what's inside the lamp.
Nice thing,
these are really floating point images.
So the information is
really not frozen to this,
whatever you see now,
but we always have the
slider to go either into the
dark or in the lighter side.
So, to just give you an idea how these
images look without this processing.
Well, that's what you normally see.
As soon as you have the
tigers visible-- see,
really, tiger is coming heavily--
Yeah, you can see the tigers,
but you have no detail in the desk lamp.
Or if you have the
detail in the desk lamp,
the tiger is gone.
So this is a pretty nice way to
capture high dynamic range images
and really it's simple to do.
The only thing you have to do is click
one button and it happens automatically.
So the next demo is TimeLapse.
And here,
I guess I have to thank all of you,
because you were all really
contributing to that demo,
without knowing, though.
So let me just show you
what we did yesterday.
[Transcript missing]
Okay,
so that was the... So how did we do that?
Well,
a small application sitting on top of
Image Capture that just has two sliders,
very easy to use.
You can specify the time
that you want to capture,
in this case, whatever, 12 hours,
and how far do you want to compress it.
So if you want to play 12
hours within 60 seconds,
you take this setting.
Otherwise, yeah, you can change it, like,
take a whole day, 24 hours,
and you want to play it back in, like,
two minutes.
And then just hit start and it
automatically takes the images,
creates the movie,
and two hours later you're done.
Or 24 hours later you're done.
Okay, if we have a little bit,
we still have time?
Yeah.
So, last thing I want to show you is...
Just for fun,
a small application that actually
allows you to take 3D images.
And the idea is very simple.
You have a camera that flips.
And so basically the distance of
the eye and we flip the camera.
And just doing that, we could...
We would mount it on a tripod.
I just don't want to do that because
we already have those images captured.
Connect the device.
And then...
We're going to bring up a UI that will
just look at the images on the device.
And the nice thing,
since there's a sensor in the device,
really showing whether you
rotate it this way or that way,
we can pre-sort the images and
actually pre-sort them in a way that
whenever I change one image here,
you see the one on the right
side changes as well because
they are kind of grouped by date.
So we know it's a left and right side.
And then we can very easily group it.
And yeah, just select whatever you want.
And then you could say process.
And then what should happen is...
What should happen is it will display
it like that and you can do some
fine adjustment and using one of
the red/green classes you can look
at it and you have your 3D image.
Also very simple to do and
without any extra effort.
Okay, go back to the slides.
We see we did the demo
and we are now up to Q&A.